fix(parser): terraform parser now looks into .tfvars for passwords and secrets (#4291)
Checkmarx/kics: docs/secrets.md

## Password and Secrets

> Being the only query written in Golang, it involves several rules to cover the maximum possible cases. These rules bases on regexes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Being the only query written in Golang, it involves several rules to cover the maximum possible cases. These rules are based on regexes. The default rules can be found [here](https://github.com/Checkmarx/kics/blob/master/assets/queries/common/passwords_and_secrets/regex_rules.json).
```
